W-14322086-openshift-console-kt (#1163)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-install-tasks.adoc

$BASE64_ENCODED_LICENSE=[convert]::ToBase64String((Get-Content -path "license.lic" -Encoding byte))
----

=== Apply the License Key from the OpenShift Console

To apply the license key from the OpenShift console, follow these steps:

. Navigate to the Runtime Fabric operator.

> . Select the namespace where the Runtime Fabric instance is installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the namespace in which the Runtime Fabric instance is installed. 
```
